# Development Meeting (30 June, 2018)

This is the log of *Weekly General Development Meeting*. It happens every Saturday 4pm UTC in the #development [Discord channel](https://discord.ellaism.org).

```
ellaismer - 06/30/2018
@here The dev meeting this week starts now!

I suffered from a hardware failure today so please allow one more day to see the new website design. :laughing:
Nulligun - 06/30/2018
didn't the rsvp bot used to ping ppl or am I remembering wrong?
limax - 06/30/2018
I think ping was invoked by command like !rsvp ping(edited)
ellaismer - 06/30/2018
!rsvp ping
RSVPBotBOT - 06/30/2018
@Nulligun @Towd @ellaismer @limax @kubu00 @DeSVaR @milosunknownculibrk
ellaismer - 06/30/2018
Yes but I forgot!
limax - 06/30/2018
:grinning:
What do we have on agenda for today?
Nulligun - 06/30/2018
I only see my post about channels, https://github.com/ellaism/meta/issues/41
GitHub
Discord Channel Reorg · Issue #41 · ellaism/meta
Why? There were a few people who mentioned they felt there were too many channels. Drafting a proposed structure that seeks to eliminate unused channels and to make the experience for first time vi...
limax - 06/30/2018
I think @Nulligun have some news with wallets
Mobile wallets
Nulligun - 06/30/2018
iOS wallet should be going in for app store approval tomorrow if I can stop playing quake :smiley:
Android Wallet is looking really good, I should have an apk for testing next week.
ellaismer - 06/30/2018
I support that channel reorg. If we agree, I will get it done after I finished fixing my hardwares.
Nulligun - 06/30/2018
We might want to start a "tokens" page on the wiki, to track token name, description, contract address, icon.   So this data can be added into the wallets eventually.  version 1's wont have very good token support.
limax - 06/30/2018
I think we should consider @dcn proposals from #marketing
We need to start a team effort also on getting right info on indexing sites
Just for everyone to know, we have community@ellaism.org / com email address that we can use for further communication. For now @ellaismer , @DeSVaR  and myself have access to this address but can be shared to others that want to get involved(edited)
Regarding discord channels I hope we can archive some channels because good information can be lost
As for example info from #comfund-bootstrap
@ellaismer I started to build a secondary explorer for us but I have some errors. Maybe you can assist next days
ellaismer - 06/30/2018
Yeah sure. I would be glad to help!
limax - 06/30/2018
This way maybe we can get some info up to date on GitHub also
Towd - 06/30/2018
Sorry, I'm just catching up on the weeks' events.  It has been a very busy week for me.  Reading  @dcn's marketing proposals.   I think it all sounds interesting.  There was very little participation from the community during the spring drive.  Outside of the videos and planning, and implementation, only @kubu00 wrote any other posts.  I'd love to see more involvement from the community.  Any marketing effort should be a group effort.
limax - 06/30/2018
Yes, I also remarked that. That's why I tried to stay "away" for some time to get others the chance to talk. And we have some members like @dcn , @KING, @tcjew  and of course @LarryBird getting more and more involved
And others of course
Towd - 06/30/2018
I feel like the overall sentiment in crypto is low, so it is hard to drive interest.  I'd like to ramp it back up again as the hard fork approaches.  But everyone with any interest needs to get involved.  Buying some advertising is interesting.  I wonder how far our spending would go in that sense.
limax - 06/30/2018
I think our members should realize that this discord and telegram community is a way to help non developers to get more involved. Other way is always easier to have an irc channel setup on specific topics
@kubu00 now that you quit smoking, what is the status with your tipbot (@Jay)
kubu00 - 06/30/2018
Django backend almost ready . I have problem with web3.py and deploying  contract...I need some time to understand some things. im fresh in blockchain :)
the only thing missing is the determination of what we keep in the database, and what in blokchain
ellaismer - 06/30/2018
I think we only need to keep track of an userid -> tipping address mapping. Everything else is on blockchain. :smiley:
ellaismer - 06/30/2018
Looks like we don't have more stuff for today. So I guess this would be the end of the dev meeting. :laughing: 
I'm going to continue to fix my laptop.
!rsvp clear
RSVPBotBOT - 06/30/2018
RSVP list cleared!
```
